Retro-actively update release notes for prior nucypher versions - starting with mainnet launch (#2432)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/release_notes/releases.rst

Features
~~~~~~~~

> - Add CLI functionality for the removal of unused sub-stakes to save Ursula gas costs. (`#2384 <https://github.com/nucypher/nucypher/issues/2384>`__)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add CLI functionality for the removal of unused (inactive) sub-stakes. Depending on the staker's sub-stake configuration, this command can reduce the associated worker's gas costs when making commitments. (`#2384 <https://github.com/nucypher/nucypher/issues/2384>`__)
```

Bugfixes
~~~~~~~~

- Automatically restart Ursula worker task on failure. (`#2410 <https://github.com/nucypher/nucypher/issues/2410>`__)

Improved Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Update global fee range documentation, including genesis values. (`#2363 <https://github.com/nucypher/nucypher/issues/2363>`__)

Misc
~~~~

- Update Ursula network grant availability script for mainnet usage. (`#2383 <https://github.com/nucypher/nucypher/issues/2383>`__)
- GitHub Action to ensure that each pull request into main makes an associated release note entry. (`#2396 <https://github.com/nucypher/nucypher/issues/2396>`__)

v4.1.0 (2020-10-19)
-------------------

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Features
~~~~~~

- Reworked design for the status page. (`#2351 <https://github.com/nucypher/nucypher/pull/2351>`__)

```

Author: Unfortunately, PR #2351 was introduced in 4.0.0 (which we just have as `Mainnet Launch`) which is why I didn't include it.

Reviewer 2: Oh yes, you're right, I looked at a wrong merge. Sorry about that.
